AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: guidelines/spec-design-guidelines.md

---------------------

The specification:
* must not specify that a specific technology, software package/library, or cloud service provider must be (or is recommended to be) used

> * can use examples that show a specific technology, software package/library, or cloud servie provider to demonstrate a concept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* must not specify that a specific technology, software package/library, or service provider must be (or is recommended to be) used
* can use examples that show a specific technology, software package/library, or service provider to demonstrate a concept
```
